  ## Meetings


### 2022-11-18 at 4:00PM -- Scheduled
- Who attended the meeting -- Brenna, Koe, Wilson, Timothy
- Team updates (15min or less)
  -- Brenna got use case written. 
  -- Timothy finished but still needs to push. 
  -- Koe & Timothy will finish up use cases over the weekend. 
  -- Brenna is team lead. 
  -- Talked about use cases and our plan moving forward. Also about 
    who would be submitting first milestone & when we would start coding.

### 2022-11-23 at 2:00PM 
- Who attended the meeting -- Brenna, Koe, Wilson, Timothy
 -- Brenna got everything submitted, started on adding a user. 
  -- Timothy started on deleting account. 
  -- Koe started login page. 
  -- Wilson started working on logout. 

### 2022-11-29 at 11:15AM -- In Class
- Who attended the meeting -- Brenna, Koe, Wilson, Timothy
 -- Brenna got a rudimentary signup and search function set up. Will start looking at html and css to improve prettyness until messaging is ready.
  -- Timothy switched from "Delete Account", which doesn't have anything depending on it, to "Sending Messages", which should help Brenna and Koe. 
  -- Koe continuing with login page. 
  -- Wilson started working on logout. 
  
### 2022-12-04 at 2:00PM -- Scheduled
<meeting template would go here>
<only fill in template once you had the meeting>

- pair-programming (optional) (25 mins)
  <- Pair program on one part of the project. Driver will be the person responsible for that requirement.>

- Summarize group progress

